# Features

* **The administration page** provides facilities to list, edit and delete rows. It can be extended to other functions by adding arbitrary web links.
* **List rows in a table**. The list can be filtered by one or more fields. It can be sorted by clickng on the column heads. Each row links to a row detail page or edit page. 
* **The Row detail page** lists the data in that row.  If there are many columns, the data can be split into a static set plus groups of columns, with a menu to switch between groups. 
* There is an **audit trail** recording every operation on the database. It can get large, so you can specify that it is trimmed to only record the latest values. 
* **Child records** (e.g. customer -> contacts), can be shown under the detail listing. So for example the most recent contacts with a customer, most recent sales etc can be shown under the customer detail. The user can switch between them.  
* The **input / edit** program covers most field types. Additional custom input types can be programmed in helper routines. 
* There is a check on **referential integrity**.  So (other than the superuser) you can't delete a row if there are child records outstanding.   
* **Own-code** can be added for special requirements, such as calculating the total value of a sales order from the order lines.  
* The **extended permission system** applies at various levels:
  * admin page section; 
  * table; 
  * column group; 
  * column.
* Any number of **permission sets** can be defined. The passwords used by the permission system are set up by the starter application generated by Sails. If you don't use the starter application you would need to write password entry/checking software.
* There is a [comprehensive report](https://github.com/bobbrowning/suds-for-sails/blob/main/More_information/database-report.pdf) on your configuration. 
* The system includes a program to **check the configuration files** for obvious errors. 

